sources/oauth: add Lark (#13773)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/sources/social-logins/lark/index.md

---

> title: Lark(FeiShu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Lark (FeiShu)
```

support_level: community
---

Allows users to authenticate using their Lark(Feishu) credentials.

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

> :::caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

> Administrator role for Lark(Feishu) is required to create clients on Lark(Feishu) developer platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrator role for Lark (Feishu) is required to create clients on Lark(Feishu) developer platform.
```

:::

## Lark(Feishu)

> 1. Login into ![Lark Open Platform](https://open.feishu.cn/).

Reviewer: We try to minimize the use of screenshots. We only use them if the UI is very complex and we need to show where a field is, etc.

2. Click **Create Custom App** to create a new application.

> ![Lark App Creation](./lark1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

3. After creation, in the **Credentials & Basic Info**, find the **APP ID** and **APP Secret** and _save it for later_
   ![Get APP Id and APP Secret](./lark2.png)

> 4. Go to security settings.Insert the redirect URL: `https://authentik.company/source/oauth/callback/lark/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to security settings. Insert the redirect URL: `https://authentik.company/source/oauth/callback/lark/`
```

   ![Add Redirect URL](./lark3.png)

5. Publish your application, changes only take effect after you have published.

> ![Publish Appclication](./lark4.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Publish Application](./lark4.png)
```

> ## authentik

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## authentik configuration
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.
```

> 6. Under _Directory -> Federation & Social login_ Click **Create > Lark OAuth Source**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under _Directory -> Federation & Social login_ Click **Create > Lark OAuth Source**
```

Reviewer: We want to restart the numbering because configuring authentik is a new/different task.

> ![Lark OAuth Source](./lark5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: You have the same image, populated with the inputs, further down the page. Let's just have it there; we do not need both.

> 6. **Name:** Choose a name (For the example I used Lark)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Name:** Choose a name (the example below uses Lark)
```

> 7. **Slug:** lark (You can choose a different slug, if you do you will need to update the Mailcow redirect URL and point it to the correct slug.)

Reviewer: You mention mailcow here @jinxiao ... it is not mentioned above anywhere. Was this a mistake, or is mailcow a dependency or requirement?

Reviewer: Also can you fix the numbering, please? :-)

Author: It's just a mistake, since I copied from mailcow, sorry for that, I'll fix this.

> 7. **Slug:** lark (You can choose a different slug, if you do you will need to update the Mailcow redirect URL and point it to the correct slug.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - **Slug:** lark (You can choose a different slug, if you do you will need to update the Mailcow redirect URL and point it to the correct slug.)
```

> 8. **Consumer Key:** App ID from step 4

Reviewer: @jinxiao for each of these field names, please remove the numbering and instead make them into bullet points.

9. **Consumer Secret:** App Secret from step 4
10. **Authorization URL:** Leave it as default, the default value is: https://open.feishu.cn/open-apis/authen/v1/authorize
11. **Access token URL:** Leave it as default, the default value is: https://open.feishu.cn/open-apis/authen/v2/oauth/token
12. **Profile URL:** Leave it as default, the default value is: https://open.feishu.cn/open-apis/authen/v1/user_info
    Here is an example of a complete authentik Lark OAuth Source

> ![Lark OAuth Source](./lark5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Save, and you now have Lark as a source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Finish** and you now have Lark as a source.
```

## Property Mapping

In this function, **open_id** in Lark was used as default username, since **email** is empty when there is no email setup.

> It's highly suggested using a flow to re-map the properties when user was write to Authentik.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's highly suggested using a flow to re-map the properties when user was write to authentik.
```

:::note

> For more details on how-to have the new source display on the Login Page see [here](../../index.md#add-sources-to-default-login-page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to display the new source on the Login Page see [our documentation](../../index.md#add-sources-to-default-login-page).
```

Reviewer: Thank you very much for linking to the docs about adding a source to the login page!

---
title: Lark (FeiShu)
support_level: community
---

> Adding [Lark](https://www.larksuite.com/en_sg) (FeiShu) as a source in authentik allows users to authenticate through authentik with their Lark (Feishu) credentials. Feishu is an office suite that integrates messaging, schedule management, collaborative documents, video conferencing, and other applications in one platform. Feishu is used in mainland China; outside of China, Lark is the equivalent application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Lark](https://www.larksuite.com/en_sg) (FeiShu) is an office suite that integrates messaging, schedule management, collaborative documents, video conferencing, and other applications in one platform. Feishu is used in mainland China; outside of China, Lark is the equivalent application.
```
